Announcement channels (#1706)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/troubleshooting/codemagic-status-page.md

weight: 5
---

> We post information about the service status, including maintenances and service disruptions, Github Discussion channel available [here](https://github.com/orgs/codemagic-ci-cd/discussions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We post information about the service status, including maintenance and service disruptions on GitHub Discussions [here](https://github.com/orgs/codemagic-ci-cd/discussions)
```
